[Music]
these geological formations
are not the only spectacle down here
bats more than a million living in a
single cave
they crowd together to keep warm and
conserve energy
so they need less food to survive
cuba is the caribbean's bat capital with
27 different kinds
their body heat can tip the temperature
to more than 40 degrees celsius
so these are known as hot caves
each evening they head out insect
hunting
there are so many it takes hours for
them all to leave
creating a window of opportunity for
other cave dwellers
cave bowers lurk in the darkness trying
to intercept the evening exodus
but even with such numbers it's not easy
plucking food out of thin air
the boa doesn't have echolocation like
the bats
but it has thermal sensors on its face
that detect body heat
another near-miss
but with hundreds of thousands of bats
flying by every night
not all will make it out alive
once wrapped in the boas coils there's
no escape
one lucky strike will keep the snake
going for several days
[Music]
[Applause]
you